Update command-line-flags.md (#795)
github/gh-ost: doc/command-line-flags.md

### migrate-on-replica

> Typically `gh-ost` is used to migrate tables on a master. If you wish to only perform the migration in full on a replica, connect `gh-ost` to said replica and pass `--migrate-on-replica`. `gh-ost` will briefly connect to the master but other issue will make no changes on the master. Migration will be fully executed on the replica, while making sure to maintain a small replication lag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically `gh-ost` is used to migrate tables on a master. If you wish to only perform the migration in full on a replica, connect `gh-ost` to said replica and pass `--migrate-on-replica`. `gh-ost` will briefly connect to the master but otherwise will make no changes on the master. Migration will be fully executed on the replica, while making sure to maintain a small replication lag.
```
